docs/technical-notes/chamber-making.md, before:

# Field test results-03: Chamber making!

Refractory cement is a hydraulic, heat-resistant building material made primarily of alumina and limestone 
that can withstand high temperatures (1,000°C to 1,800°C or higher). It is used for the installation and maintenance of 
high-temperature furnace linings in furnaces, kilns, stoves, and chimneys.

It is available in two forms: refractory mortar (refractory cement) for bonding refractory bricks and castable for direct pouring.
This section introduces a chamber made of castable for direct pouring.

## Eagle claws

The circular chamber made of direct pour castable material must first be welded with what we commonly call 'eagle claws' 
inside the metal cylinder that forms the chamber exterior.These eagle claws firmly hold the castable material to the circular chamber,
allowing the chamber to withstand high temperature environments.

<figure style="text-align:center; margin:0;">
  <img src="../images/claws.png">
       <alt="image of claws">
       <style="width:50%; max-width:400px;">
  <figcaption style="margin-top:0.4rem; font-size:0.9rem; color:#9ca3af;">Figure. Image of claws welded inside the chamber
  </figcaption>
</figure>

Commit message:

Expand documentation on castable chamber construction
Added sections on advantages and considerations for using castable refractory material in chamber construction.

docs/technical-notes/chamber-making.md, after:

# Field test results-03: Chamber making!

Refractory cement is a hydraulic, heat-resistant building material made primarily of alumina and limestone 
that can withstand high temperatures (1,000°C to 1,800°C or higher). It is used for the installation and maintenance of 
high-temperature furnace linings in furnaces, kilns, stoves, and chimneys.

It is available in two forms: refractory mortar (refractory cement) for bonding refractory bricks and castable for direct pouring. This section introduces a chamber made of castable for direct pouring.

## Eagle claws

The circular chamber made of direct pour castable material must first be welded with what we commonly call 'eagle claws' inside the metal cylinder that forms the chamber exterior.These eagle claws firmly hold the castable material to the circular chamber, allowing the chamber to withstand high temperature environments.

<figure style="text-align:center; margin:0;">
  <img src="../images/claws.png">
       <alt="image of claws">
       <style="width:50%; max-width:400px;">
  <figcaption style="margin-top:0.4rem; font-size:0.9rem; color:#9ca3af;">Figure. Image of claws welded inside the chamber
  </figcaption>
</figure>

## Advantages of this method

The method of uniformly applying the refractory material inside the chamber using the above method is a method of maintaining uniform durability throughout the chamber.

## Things to consider

Partial repairs are not easy when the refractory is partially damaged by a butane gas can, etc. This requires more field-based usage data. Of course, manufacturing costs may be higher than other methods. Field-collected ideas for alternative chamber manufacturing methods are also needed.

This method is useful for manufacturing medium- to large-sized chambers exceeding 1000 mm. However, there are various other methods for manufacturing smaller chambers, such as those measuring around 500 mm.

**Last update: 2026-02-18
